#### This documentation is now deprecated, please refer to <https://developer.dji.com/onboard-sdk/documentation/appendix/FAQ.html> in DJI Developer Website.

## Onboard SDK & M100 FAQ

### 1. Is M100 compatible with DJI GO?
Yes.

### 2. Is M100 compatible with Mobile SDK?  
Yes.

### 3. Are there any no-fly zones for M100?  
Yes, please comply with local regulations. For more, please refer to <http://flysafe.dji.com/>

### 4. Can M100 be used for aerial photography?  
Yes. M100 is compatible with third party ‘Gimbal and Camera’ and the DJI Zenmuse X series.

### 5. What does Onboard Device mean?  
In the context of DJI SDK documentation, Onboard Device refers to any devices that can communicate with N1 flight controller and supported by Onboard SDK.

### 6. Which flight platforms are in support of the Onboard SDK?  
For now, only M100.

### 7. Which Onboard Device are supported by M100?  
We will provide ‘Onboard Device Selection Guides for M100’ shortly.

### 8. Is an Onboard Device with an OS running needed in the development of Onboard SDK?  
Not necessarily but preferred. We recommend the combination with Ubuntu and ROS but even a simple STM32 MCU without an OS running on it works.

### 9. What flight control data of M100 can I get via the Onboard SDK?  
Timestamp of the flight controller, Quaternion and Acceleration etc. Please refer to the ‘Onboard SDK API Reference’.

### 10. What are the communication ports between an Onboard Device and an N1 flight controller?  
For now, Onboard Device can only communicate with N1 flight controller via the UART port.

### 11. Do M100 support third party video capturing devices? Can I use the M100 built-in ‘Lightbridge’ functionality?  
Yes, M100 support third party video capturing device. If you want to use the M100 built-in ‘Lightbridge’ functionality, all you need is the ‘N1 Video Encoder’. <http://store.dji.com/product/n1-video-encoder>

### 12. What is the data output frequency of N1?  
The data output frequency of N1 can be set via the N1 assistant software with a range [0, 100Hz].

### 13. Suppose a sensor needs to transmit its sensing data back to the mobile device at a constant frequency. Can this functionality be supported by Onboard SDK?  
Yes. ‘Transparent Transmission’ is designed for this purpose. Please refer to related documentation for more.

### 14. Are there any simulators provided for the development of M100？  
Yes. Please visit https://developer.dji.com/matrice-100/downloads/ for more.

### 15. Can I set the initial height of the ‘take off’ function manually?
For now, no. The initial height is set to be about 1.2 meters.

### 16. What is the recommended transmission rate for N1 flight controller to receive external commands?  
50Hz.

### 17. For M100, what are the built-in wireless data transmission solutions?  
For now, only 2. The ‘Data Transparent Transmission’ and the ‘Lightbridge’.

### 18. For the development of Onboard SDK, can I use some bandwidth from the remote controller to control my own Onboard Device?  
Yes, developers can get the remote control value by Message Package to control Onboard Device.

### 19. How many flight status are included via the Onboard SDK?  
For detail flight status and flight life cycle, please refer to [Flight Data part in Appendix](Appendix.md#flight-data).

### 20. Raw data included in Flight Data is wrong in case of using simulator? 
Because raw data is generated by actual sensors on UAV, raw data will not be available in simulator. Please choose fusion data when you use DJI simulator.  

### 21. Data will be lost when using wireless serial communication？

Since most wireless serial model is half-duplex, data loss and obstruction happen when the autopilot and Onboard device send data to each other simultaneously. We recommend other means for communication, or dual wireless serial module are used to transmit and receive data.

### 22. Encryption is enforced?

No, Encryption is optional. For more info, please refer to Encryption part in [OPEN Protocol](OPENProtocol.md#encryption-optional).